Rework GOAWAY text (again) (#2457)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-http.md

processed.  Servers SHOULD NOT increase the QUIC MAX_STREAM_ID limit after
sending a GOAWAY frame.

Clients MUST NOT send new requests on the connection after receiving GOAWAY,

> although a new connection MAY be established to send additional requests.

Reviewer: I don't think that this is an "although" case.  Maybe a separate sentence.

Some requests might already be in transit. If the client has already sent
requests on streams with a Stream ID greater than or equal to that indicated in

> the GOAWAY frame, those requests will not be processed and can be retried by the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the GOAWAY frame, those requests will not be processed and MAY be retried by the client on a new connection
```

client.  It is RECOMMENDED that the server explicitly reject such requests (see
{{request-cancellation}}) in order to clean up transport state for the affected

> streams.  The client MAY also cancel requests which will not be processed.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: Swap the order of these last two sentences, so that client behavior is described first and then server. Also, the following:
```suggestion
streams.  The client MAY also cancel these requests.
```

streams.  The client MAY also cancel requests which will not be processed.

Requests on Stream IDs less than the Stream ID in the GOAWAY frame might have
been processed; their status cannot be known until a response is received, the

> stream is reset individually, or the connection terminates.  Servers MAY reject

Reviewer 3: Does reject == reset here?

Author: Reject and cancel are defined (cross-ref in previous paragraph) as reset with particular error codes.  If that's not clear, I'm open to proposed wordsmithing.
